

[Trackname: Sunday Morning]
Swaying softly, streetlights glowing through my windows
Trying on each dress I bought for you
Do I look pretty
When I ask you to hit me?
Hands like barbed wire
Wrapped around my throat, making me cry like I told you I wanted In the car, on the long drive home
Baby, we're alone now
Sunday morning, everything hurts except for you
Except for you
Except for you
Except for you
And I like thinking I’m no different from you
Different from you
Different from you
When I go home at night I think about the ways that I can get out
Of the hold you’ve got me in
Of the hold you’ve got me in
You’ve still got time, waiting on the other side
You’ll still be alright, if you just make it to the other side
You’ll still be alright, even after all this time
You’ll still be alright, you’ll still be alright
Sunday morning, nothing hurts, not even you
No, not even you
No, not even you

[Trackname: Casings]
Am I not good enough for you?
Is there something wrong with me?
You say, "Don’t cry, you know you’re mine"
Baby, don’t you lie to me
Am I just not what you want?
Am I just not what you need?
Is there someone who has your heart
That keeps you gone away from me?
Is she prettier than me?
Is her skin softer than mine?
Can she give you what I can’t?
The things I cry for every night?
Is it something in how she moves
When you’re undressed inside her house?
Does she smile the way I do
When she has you in her mouth?
Do you not love me like you did
When you told me that it’s fine?
That I’ve been hurt, cause you’ve been too?
And that kind of pain, you don’t mind?
I think about you every day
'Cause I love you more than I thought I could
And now that you’re gone, I wanna die
'Cause I don’t hate you like I know I should
Was I not good enough for you?
Was there something wrong with me?
I just cry by myself at night
But you’ll never know and you’ll never 

[Trackname: Lilies]

Tell me I'm no one else's but yours
Watching me undress standing in the door
Wedding doves and leather gloves and all the things you're made up of
What a wondrous thing to be in love

You're like an angel
Nothing can touch you
But I want to hold you
I want to love you
You're like an angel
I can't come close to you
You know my weakness
But you don't know what I'd do

You’re such an angel
And I'm gonna hurt you
I know I'm gonna lose you
But God I don’t want to

Lilies grow all over the room
And when you come inside, they bloom
There is nothing that I want but you
Tell me can I be seen through
You're like an angel
Nothing can touch you
But I want to hold you
I want to love you
You're like an angel
I can't come close to you
You know my weakness
But you don't know what I'd do

You’re such an angel
And I'm gonna hurt you
I know I'm gonna lose you
But God, I don’t want 

[Trackname: Head in the Wall]

Sometimes you make me wanna put my fucking head through the wall
Sometimes I wonder if I even know you at all
Fall asleep to the sound of your old rotating fan
I cut the fuck out of myself and soaked the bed sheets with blood again

I hold my head underwater just to drown out the noise
It's always my fault, girls will be bitches and boys will be boys
I know I don’t need you, but I'm terrified of letting you go
Even after all the times you fucked the shit out of me while I was crying "No"

And how am I supposed to feel good about myself when everything I do is wrong?
When I’m just an ugly bitch, a fucking freak, and I don’t wanna go on?
And I don’t wanna leave my house 'cause I know everybody’s staring at me now
"Why the hell am I alive?" is what they think, they wanna take me down

And I can’t get out, can’t run away, there’s no escaping you now
(There's no escaping you now)
I’m gonna die all alone next to you in this piece of shit town
And we’ve been cursed since the start, Jesus didn’t want us, no
And you take all of your sins out on my body like everyone else does
Shooting up our old school when we get bored of shooting up
And fuck the cops, and fuck God, and fuck this town for ruining us
And they’ll put holes in all we own and in our heads, pumped full of lead
You always told me I could only leave you once we’re both dead
Sometimes you make me wanna put my fucking head through the wall
Sometimes I wonder if I ever even knew you at all

[Trackname: Knuckle Velvet]
Nothing hurts like you do, like the way you say I love you
Leave the room half undressed, I'm saying prayers through a throttled neck
Come into the room and make me cry all over again
You come in so hard, gore me through the heart
Just another day and you'll still tell me you're healing
See it on your face, you won't ever change in your ways
Shed your knuckle velvet, torn on my teeth
When you're torn apart, you'll destroy me again
Bleeding out on your sleeve, you kill me any way but softly
With all your crying like you did that first night I made you spend on your own
You're such a child and you know it
Nothing in my heart is hoping you'll come back
Too cold to know what I don't have without you, no
Without you
Every drop of blood is love I don't get back
Bated to take the love that I gave away to save you

[Trackname: Golden Age]

And I don’t wanna talk about love anymore
'Cause it’s getting too much for me
All I do is waste and decline, waiting for that age of my life
When I'm old and love is all that I’ll need
Swaying in the lamplight in my mother’s white gown
Holding out like a dog they’ve yet to put down
I whore out my tears and just keep wasting the best of my years
Like a beauty queen with eyes bleared

Got what I wanted but it’s never enough for me
Darling, don’t you see
I’m so beautiful and it’s wasted on me?
Because the taste reminds me
I hate what love’s turned out to be

I don’t wanna be in my house anymore
'Cause it just makes me sad
Letting in the wild with every man who brings a world of hurt
With him each time he falls in my bed
Do you just want my blood?
Am I just that damn hard to love?
'Cause it feels like all I have is still just not enough
I guess that I'll just go outside
And watch the fire and fields of gold fly farther away from me
Got what I wanted but it’s never enough for me
Darling, don’t you see
I’m so beautiful and it’s wasted on me?
Because the taste reminds me
I hate what love’s turned out to be

But one of these days, it’ll come right back
I’ll get over myself and I’ll tell myself that
I don’t have to wait to be happy when I’m old
And that one of these days, I'll find a way
To fight the waves, embrace the pain
And paint the ages a hundred shades of gold
And of gold
And of gold
And of gold

Got what I wanted but it’s never enough for me
Darling, don’t you see
I’m so beautiful and it’s wasted on me?
Because the taste reminds me
I hate what love’s turned out to be

And I have found a way, I found a way
I’m on my way, I’m on my way
Don’t wait too long, I don’t want you to get tired of me
But I’ll be coming along
I’m coming along, I’ll be coming along
I’ll be coming along, I’ll be coming along
I’ll be coming, I’m coming for 
